simplify Go version upgrade procedure (#280)
protocol/.github: configs/README.md

## Testing

You can use [testing](https://github.com/protocol/.github/tree/testing) branch for worklow/configuration testing. Once you push your changes to the branch, a [dispatch](../.github/workflows/dispatch.yml) workflow will be triggered. The workflow will use [testing.json](testing.json) configuration file only. You can manipalate that configuration file as needed(you can copy all the `defaults` from [go.json](go.json) for [example](https://github.com/protocol/.github/commit/43476995428996a90ca95bf838f084ba1a710c68)).

## Upgrading Go

> To upgrade Go, modify the `defaults.go.versions` array in the [Go config](go.json). Keep the array sorted in an increasing order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade Go, modify the `defaults.go.versions` array in the [Go config](go.json).

Remember to:
- Keep the array sorted in increasing order,
- Upgrade versions incrementally. Do not skip a version,
- never pin the patch version (`"1.19.x"` is correct, `"1.19.8"` is incorrect).
```

Author: Great suggestion! Thanks :)
